oh sorry
Zumiez actually sent me something with
my order and it wasn't part of my order
and they said I could keep it so if any
of you guys want it let me quickly show
you what it looks like this is the front
view it's a it's a real nice dress it's
kind of comfortable it's an extra small
uh here's the side view
uh here's the back view
here's the other side oh
uh dear Tim and Moby is a comment the
same thing as a shooting star from Darby
no
drag queen names an abortion
Frida slaves
pray the slaves
on penetration
penetration
testicle
Carter
foreign
what the heck is this
it's got feet
do you guys really think I'm gonna buy
it just so I could try it on
yeah I am look at this though look
I'm a flying squirrel bro why is my
handprint everywhere who's baby has
Peter walking on the table
oh wait that's me
yo watch this reaction
watch this reaction when he finds out
that this animal took a [__] in his
berries
beef beef
one more time well I think we're done
don't lay in the light go towards the
light look yourself to Heaven you can go
move on
yourself
lit and in s in the bathroom and then
forgot about it
burned a hole
counter
my mother is going to kill me
might be thinking oh
it's incident like
I am the dumbest person
in the world
hey what's up
what are you doing Mom did you burn the
[__] counter in the bathroom if you
burnt the [__] counter in the
bathroom you're out just pack your [__]
and get the [__] out
ready I'm gonna try and be satisfying
still gone
it's supposed to be oh
it's not satisfied it wasn't
so I'm going to be doing the random
color generator makeup thing and so
here's Foundation
never mind
oh no what was that I think I just hit
an animal what
foreign
why does this vending machine have
Braille on it everyone will say oh it's
for the blind people but they can't see
what they're getting
her don't be shy put some more okay
do you want the cough medicine dad wrong
answers on me who was our first
president Eric Dickerson what's my
favorite animal you've always liked
spaghetti
what's my favorite drink I can't breathe
give me my breathing thing was my dream
job I'm driving I'm dying come on what's
my dream job you never work today in
your life what kind of car do I drive I
still can't breathe help me would you I
really like when I like wake up from a
nap because my hair always looks like I
just got done running really fast
I'll be sleeping quick as [__]
oh
into the oh no
on into the unknown
[Music]
uh oh my mom found my butt plug
collection
what am I gonna do this is so
embarrassing
so we figured out that if I leave my
document like this before writing an
essay since my professor is on here he
could go in and undo everything and
eventually he'd find this Victor Viber
eats your fiber just do it
foreign
oh
oh no oh no
one of my favorite things that cats do
is when their pupils get like super huge
and they're like
just like that and they're like just
straight
DeAndre Hopkins gay Tom Brady gay quavo
kind of gay Drew Brees gay Michael
Thomas gay Snoop Dogg a Savage you speak
a little Spanish for us
dude Loki thought he was gonna speak
Spanish please
why you got this on
why do you got those on what the goggles
[Applause]
this is me after failing my chemistry
test for the fifth time in a row I took
the whole first 30 minutes of the test
trying to look for mercury on the
periodic table in the last 20 minutes
trying to find potassium it was a
disaster it was such a disaster that it
made me throw a temper tantrum after the
test after getting nothing done and the
only thing I was able to write on my
paper was held because I needed it hey
bro you know this commercial the how
many licks does it take to lick to the
center of the lick to the tally the
blitzy pop yeah I [__] hate that
commercial with my whole heart first off
listen to this Mr Owl it's just owl it's
not owl Mr Owl all right next
shut up
why is he bro that's a lot of ass
looks like his Tootsie already popped
God then we got this coked up [__]
owl with the arrow on its head bro I
hate the way he asks this
Tootsie Pop Tootsie Roll center of a
Tootsie Pop
it's a fork
[Music]
if you beat an animal's ass and it can
talk
it's not animal abuse right
[Music]
our friend has a secret talent and he
said he can say any word backwards
coffee e-fog Computer red Puma School
Luke Caden the deck sweater
Air Force Ones Sino ecroft Rio what the
[__]
laughs
thank you
one time I wasn't
fine
[__] be compliant but they're low
energy just eat some batteries
[Music]
just so you guys know birds don't like
Wiggly fingers
what the [__] is this
do not look molest or molest the
alligators
that's gonna be a problem I cannot be
the only one all this time I thought Ed
Sheeran was blind like no joke I thought
he was blind he looks blind
that looks like a blind person so
does that is that that looks normal to
me like that seems like Ed Sheeran
like I'm confused is he not blind but I
don't understand
mom or bad
[Applause]
open
ing up
oh my God I am so sorry
now for cash back you're looking at
about 13.72 but in store credit you get
about 17 dollars
I actually can't get you anything for
the system because I do need cables with
as well but I know you're probably
thinking those prices were a little
outrageous right for this new system
that's why I'd be finished sir
so so I take it you'll not be trading
this anyway
no nope
I'm gonna drink this in 15 seconds
on the maps
sniff
part one
thank you
Frijoles
sure and roll your head back
[Music]
foreign
I thought it would be a good idea to get
Chris
[Applause]
a goat for his birthday and it was an
awful idea I believe they must have got
to my order wrong because I did not
order a sting a single noodle of
spaghetti so some Wise Guy pranked me
and put a bumper sticker on my car
and you know I can't have people
thinking about vegan what the [__] no I
people excuse me would you please let me
pass
es
uh when your tibia becomes dislocated
momentarily sitting there telling her
like oh whoa dude oh all right we're
good what what was that it's a tibia
malfunction
no big deal dang that's kind of hot so
are you single I am now